# Stand up actions & decisions

**6<sup>th</sup> Feb 2019**

Officially decommissioned in favour of Kanban.

**21<sup>st</sup> Jan 2019**

-   TG and AS to discuss assigning personal tutor roles in MyFeedback - TG to speak to Sekhar to implement a nightly UPI refresh to resolve. Change Freeze may affect ability to implement (sync using SQL job?)
-   TG to look into issues with CMIS groupings deletion
    -   TG working on clearing up data for CMIS Group import, complete on PP but needs to complete on Prod
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   TG to merge documentation into LLD
    -   AS to feedback with any gaps in LLD to JOA
-   JOA to enquire about Jira access
-   AG waiting for response from UPI team re. Mantis access problems

**7<sup>th</sup> Jan 2019**

-   TG and AS to discuss assigning personal tutor roles in MyFeedback - TG to speak to Sekhar to implement a nightly UPI refresh to resolve. Change Freeze may affect ability to implement (sync using SQL job?)
-   JLH to check status of fix for 7649 on PP/UAT
-   JLH to remove DF + MB as assignee from any open tickets - leave blank to be claimed
-   JLH to reassign 7958 to AS
-   JLH to reassign 7817 to self and test
-   JLH to check with Digi Ed if capability to be added 7957
-   JLH to unassign 8095
-   TG to look into economics ticket IN03424018 for CMIS Groups creation
-   TG to look into issues with CMIS groupings deletion
-   TG working on clearing up data for CMIS Group import, complete on PP but needs to complete on Prod
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   TG to merge documentation into LLD
    -   AS to feedback with any gaps in LLD to JOA
-   JOA to enquire about Jira access
-   AG waiting for response from UPI team re. Mantis access problems

****19<sup>th</sup> Dec****

-   TG and AS to discuss assigning personal tutor roles in MyFeedback - TG to speak to Sekhar to implement a nightly UPI refresh to resolve. Change Freeze may affect ability to implement (sync using SQL job?)
-   DF aiming to complete 7649 for Wed.
-   JLH to check with Digi Ed if capability to be added 7957
-   TG working on clearing up data for CMIS Group import, complete on PP but needs to complete on Prod
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   TG to merge documentation into LLD
    -   AS to feedback with any gaps in LLD to JOA
-   JOA to enquire about Jira access
-   AG waiting for response from UPI team re. Mantis access problems

****17<sup>th</sup> Dec****

-   TG and AS to discuss assigning personal tutor roles in MyFeedback - TG to speak to Sekhar to implement a nightly UPI refresh to resolve.

<!-- -->

-   DF/ AS working on test account fix (7873)
-   DF to uodate JH - re. 7957 as requires discussion with DigiEd 
-   DF aiming to complete 7649 for Wed.
-   TG cleaning up CMIS Groups data
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   TG to merge documentation into LLD
    -   AS + MB to feedback with any gaps in LLD
-   AG waiting for response from UPI team re. Mantis access problems
-   JO to enquire about Jira access

****
****

****14<sup>th</sup> Dec****

-   TG and AS to discuss assigning personal tutor roles in MyFeedback
-   AS to talk to Sekhar about replication issue on PP
-   DF working on test account fix
-   TG cleaning up CMIS Groups data
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   TG to merge documentation into LLD
    -   AS + MB to feedback with any gaps in LLD
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing (PC booked in for end of Jan.)
-   DF working on 7649 + 7957; waiting on DB refresh for 7873
-   AG waiting for response from UPI team re. Mantis access problems

****12<sup>th</sup> Dec****

Version 3.4.6 went live on Tuesday morning

-   TG running tests on MyFeedback fix, for release tomorrow
-   TG to raise CR for standard change
-   AS to talk to Sekhar about replication issue on PP
-   AG to talk to Ben Judd about Sekhar's contract status - concern over SPOF
-   DF working on test account fix
-   TG cleaning up CMIS Groups data
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   TG to merge documentation into LLD
    -   AS + MB to feedback with any gaps in LLD
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing
-   DF working on 7649 + 7957; waiting on DB refresh for 7873
-   AG waiting for response from UPI team re. Mantis access problems

**10<sup>th</sup> Dec**

Version 3.4.6 approved + going live tomorrow

-   TG to advise on whether CMIS Groups data was cleaned up
-   SITS team creating new view for MyFeedback required data, TG raising RF ticket
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   TG to merge documentation into LLD
    -   AS + MB to feedback with any gaps in LLD
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing
-   DF looking at Mantis Bugs
-   AG waiting for response from UPI team re. Mantis access problems

**5<sup>th</sup> Dec**

-   TG running CMIS Groups fix this afternoon
-   SITS team creating new view for MyFeedback required data, TG raising RF ticket
-   AS to speak to PI to disable Cron
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   Low Level design to be looked at 
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing
-   JLH + DigiEd to decide on future of vmatch questions
-   Mantismaster JLH add 'Release 3.4.6' to Mantis
-   DF looking at Mantis Bugs
-   AG to chase UPI team on Mantis bugs

**3<sup>rd</sup> Dec**

-   TG to finalise CMIS Group fix ready for Thurs release
    -   TG to check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix (interface management in sync), MB add to CR for SITS management
-   MB to liaise with S&V to carry out change to replicate space allocation on other app servers 3284933 / 3341839 / PI ticket 3373150 - planning to coordinate restart with outage on morning of 11th
-   SITS team creating new view for MyFeedback required data, TG raising RF ticket
-   MB create mantis ticket for extra profile fields issue
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   Low Level design to be looked at 
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing
-   DF looking at Mantis Bugs
-   AG to chase UPI team on Mantis bugs

**
**

**28<sup>th</sup> Nov**

-   TG to finalise CMIS Group fix ready for Thurs release
-   MB to liaise with S&V to carry out change to replicate space alcation on other app servers 3284933 / 3341839
-   MB to request space allocation from S&V on dev & UAT
-   TG to follow up view changes with Nick Balhatchet (re. My Feedback), e.g., view that came through with appropriate UCL username rather than just UPI
-   TG to check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix (interface management in sync), MB add to CR for SITS management
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing
-   DF looking into advanced forum issue (logged in mantis)

**26<sup>th</sup> Nov**

-   TG confirm if CMIS Group fix ready to be deployed - could be released Thurs
-   TG confirm if able to do a comparison of IMS exports pre- and post-upgrade this week for SITS upgrade, if not can SITS team compare view before and after? Ask if they can do this for future upgrades.
-   AS speaking to dbas about running automated tests for 3.4.6
-   RDE to continue to follow up ticket with S&V to replicate space allocation on other app servers 3284933 / 3341839
-   TG has created table with SITS data for testing; follow up view changes with Nick Balhatchet (re. My Feedback)
-   JLH to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing
-   DF looking into advanced forum issue (logged in mantis - 8047)

**19<sup>th</sup> Nov**

-   Release deployed on 15<sup>th</sup> November - 7945, 7502, 7925
-   Provision date of 11<sup>th</sup> December for 3.4.6 upgrade

<!-- -->

-   AG to check with JLH that bug fixes which have gone live have been closed
-   TG + AS to look at issues following the refresh
-   AG to speak to CMIS team + invite someone to test environment meeting on hold
-   TG to do a comparison of IMS exports pre- and post-upgrade this week
    -   TG to send output to AS
-   RDE to continue to follow up ticket with S&V to replicate space allocation on other app servers 3284933 / 3341839
-   TG has created table with SITS data for testing; follow up with Nick Balhatchet
-   JLH to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   AG to speak to Pete Castle about load testing
-   JLH and AS to discuss test script coverage, main changes will be privacy plugins. Theme and collaborate plugin

**14<sup>th</sup> Nov**

-   Release planned for tomorrow (15<sup>th</sup> November) - 7945, 7502 + 7925 fixes

<!-- -->

-   TG + AS to look at issues following the refresh
-   AG to speak to CMIS team + invite someone to test environment meeting on hold
-   AG to speak to SITS team for input into testing for SITS upgrade + ask for baseline test data
-   AG to ensure that test approach for the SITS upgrade is agreed by Friday 16<sup>th</sup>
-   RDE to continue to follow up ticket with S&V to replicate space allocation on other app servers 3284933 / 3341839
-   TG to speak to DF about MyFeedback data (may require change to SITS view)
-   JLH to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG to send SITS views being used by the enrolment block through to AS
    -   AS to discuss SITS views with ShAn
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups (parked)
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   PC working on Load Testing \[parked\]

********7<sup>th</sup> Nov****
****

-   AS to request refresh from Platform Integration this week
-   AG to speak to CMIS team + invite someone to test environment meeting
-   AG to ensure that test approach for the SITS upgrade is agreed by Friday 16<sup>th</sup>
-   RDE to continue to follow up ticket on platform integration to replicate space allocation on other app servers 3284933
-   TG to speak to DF about MyFeedback data (may require change to SITS view)
-   JLH to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   MB to check which SITS views are being used by the enrolment block + send through to AS
    -   AS to discuss SITS views with ShAn
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   MB to compare plugin config tables - only significant difference is absence of dbuserrel settings in New Moodle (MyF tutor relationships)
-   PC working on Load Testing \[parked\]
-   AG to add Library Resource block to scope of next phase
-   TG to check non UTF-8 character support + PDF conversion
    -   JLH to ask Rod to put ticket in RemedyForce
-   JLH to start thinking about Mantis fixes to go into next release - discuss at team meeting tomorrow

****5<sup>th</sup> Nov****

-   TG to continue to follow up ticket on platform integration to replicate space allocation on other app servers
-   TG to push DF's MyFeedback data to UAT
-   JLH to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG to check which SITS views are being used by the enrolment block + send through to AS
    -   AS to discuss SITS views with ShAn
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   MB to compare plugin config tables
-   PC working on Load Testing \[parked\]
-   AG to assign somebody to work on Library Resource block
-   TG to check non UTF-8 character support + PDF conversion
-   MB to amend antivirus settings (currently different between legacy and new)
-   JLH to start thinking about Mantis fixes to go into next release

****31<sup>st</sup> Oct ****

-   TG to continue to follow up ticket on platform integration to replicate space allocation on other app servers
-   TG to push DF's MyFeedback data to UAT
-    AED to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG to check which SITS views are being used by the enrolment block + send through to AS
-   AS to discuss SITS views with ShAn
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   MB to compare plugin config tables
-   PC working on Load Testing \[parked\]
-   AG to assign somebody to work on Library Resource block

****29<sup>th</sup> Oct****

-   AG to assign somebody to work on Library Resource block
-   TG to follow up ticket on platform integration to replicate space allocation on other app servers
-   DF MyFeedback work package to be included in next release 
-    AED to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG to check which SITS views are being used by the enrolment block + CMIS Groups
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   MB to compare plugin config tables
-   PC working on Load Testing - parked

**22<sup>nd</sup> Oct**

-   AG to assign somebody to work on Library Resource block
-   CB to follow up with SM about invitations to standup for AS
-   AG to check whether Active Mappings bug is in Mantis or RemedyForce
-   TG to follow up ticket on platform integration to replicate space allocation on other app servers
-   TG to speak to AED about UCL Tool reports
-   DF MyFeedback work package to be included in next release
-   AG to talk to MB about date of next release
-   TG to talk to MB about DF's access to other environments
-   AED to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   TG to add information to release page
-   MB to compare plugin config tables
-   PC working on Load Testing - parked

**15<sup>th</sup> Oct**

-   CB to check recurring room bookings for standup
-   AS to work on fix for Library Resource block
-   AG to check whether Active Mappings bug is in Mantis or RemedyForce
-   TG to follow up ticket on platform integration to replicate space allocation on other app servers
-   TG to speak to AED about UCL Tool reports
-   DF MyFeedback work package to be included in next release
-   AG to talk to MB about date of next release
-   ~~MB~~ AS Revisit branching strategy for deploying from Git
-   TG to talk to MB about DF's access to other environments
-   AED to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
    -   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release 
    -   TG write SQL to check CMIS group fix, MB add to CR
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   AS to look at the guest login
-   TG to add information to release page
-   MB to compare plugin config tables
-   PC working on Load Testing - parked

(AG away Thu-Wed)

**10<sup>th</sup> Oct**

-   DF + TG to work together to push DF's fix from dev to UAT
-   TG + AS to work on CMIS groups
-   AG to check whether Active Mappings bug is in Mantis or RemedyForce
-   TG to raise a ticket for platform integration to sort out issue on file system
-   AG + DF to check status of Mantis tickets
-   TG to create some interim UCL Tool reports for first week of teaching, AED sending list of most important ones
-   DF MyFeedback work package to be included in next release
-   MB Revisit branching strategy for deploying from Git
-   TG to talk to MB about DF's access to other environments
-   AED to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   AG to pull out information about Tutor Import from LLD
-   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release, TG write SQL to check, MB add to CR
-   TG to look at the guest login - parked
-   TG to add information to release page
-   MB to compare plugin config tables
-   PC working on Load Testing

**4th Oct**

-   TG to create some interim UCL Tool reports for first week of teaching, AED sending list of most important ones
-   DF to look at enrolment block check box issue 
-   DF MyFeedback work package to be included in next release
-   Preferred name, TG has got most recent import from UPI and TG added
-   AG to add UPI Import to backlog
-   All - Re-evaluate Mantis priorities at team meeting
-   MB pushed changes to other instances already in live
-   MB putting together release package for 16th - includes mantis bugs 0007733 - New Moodle Data Privacy Policy, 0007654 - White background for some activities, 0007640 - Print button in MyFeedback is white, 0007823: Course overview block - Courses tab active highlighting not working, 0007622: Footer.
-   MB to populate release page and circulate
-   AED to test CMIS group fix in PP, will need TG to assist running cron job
-   DF GIT tagging for Portico enrolment block
-   TG working on Tutor Import for CMIS Groups
-   Check for corrupt data as a result of groups not being deleted, tidy up as part of release, TG write SQL to check, MB add to CR
-   TG to look at the guest login - parked
-   TG to add information to release page
-   MB to compare plugin config tables
-   PC working on Load Testing

    # 26th Sept

-   Pre-enrollment issue - SITS (Nick Balhatchett) team need to create a parallel view in SITS and test to see if 24,000 students SA managing
-   TG to create some interim UCL Tool reports for first week of teaching, AED sending list of most important ones
-   MyFeedback work package to be included in next release
-   SA investigating preferred name coming from AD asked UPI Team for extract, TG to assist
-   All - Re-evaluate Mantis priorities at team meeting
-   TG to look at the guest login - parked
-   TG to look at dev stack issue (unresponsive when editing is turned on).
-   DF working on Mantis bugs
-   DF GIT tagging for Portico enrolment block
-   TG to add information to release page
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog 
-    MB to compare plugin config tables

# 25th Sept

-   TG to create some interim UCL Tool reports for first week of teaching
-   SA - further investigation into MyFeedback issue (In 3.1, there is a plug-in which gets CMIS tutor-tutee data from a view in SITS/CMIS filter schema and populates core Moodle table. My Feedback reports read the core tables to get that information. But for 3.4 that plugin is not configured at all.
-   All - Re-evaluate Mantis priorities at team meeting
-   TG to look at the guest login - parked
-   TG to look at dev stack issue (unresponsive when editing is turned on).
-   DF working on Mantis bugs 
-   DF GIT tagging for Portico enrolment block
-   TG to add information to release page
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog 
-    MB to compare plugin config tables

# 21th Sept

-   Remind PI team about the Moodle release- SA - Tuesday
-   TG to look at the guest login - parked
-   TG - Bulk enrollment issue
-   MB - Roles fix for Turnitin. May be it is the same issue effecting bulk enrollment.
-   TG to look at dev stack issue (unresponsive when editing is turned on).
-   Certificates for REST API - TG to check and liaise with PI - ongoing. Self signed certificates, closing as acceptable workaround that avoids buying new cert.
-   DF, MB, SA to meet to understand myfeedback issues - will be meeting on Fri 21/9
-   TG to understand mantis prirorities
-   TG to provide DF with mantis issues to fix - MB to look at issues today and assign to DF
-   GIT tagging for DF for Portico enrolment block
-   NS - Prep for go-LIVE
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog

# 20th Sept

-    NS to add fixes to PP
-   NS to check web server set up
-   NS/SA unit testing/SIT ongoing
-   NS raise a request with PI to set up cron jobs for Moodle interface - ongoing, cc'ing SA to chase
-   MB to confirm that GIT branch issues have now been resolved - to be done today
-   TG to look at the guest login - ongoing
-   TG to look at dev stack issue (unresponsive when editing is turned on)
-   Certificates for REST API - TG to check and liaise with PI - ongoing

<!-- -->

-   DF, MB, SA to meet to understand myfeedback issues - will be meeting on Fri 21/9
-   TG to understand mantis prirorities
-   TG to provide DF with mantis issues to fix - MB to look at issues today and assign to DF
-   GIT tagging for DF for Portico enrolment block
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog 

<!-- -->

-    

# 19th Sept

-     NS/SA unit testing/SIT ongoing
-   SA to follow up on test data for UAT
-   AG to talk to AED re UAT and arrange it for Friday
-   MB to confirm that GIT branch issues have now been resolved
-   TG to look at the guest login - ongoing
-   TG to look at dev stack issue (unresponsive when editing is turned on)
-   Certificates for REST API - TG to check and liaise with PI - ongoing
-   DF, MB, SA to meet to understand myfeedback issues - will be meeting on Fri 21/9
-   TG to understand mantis prirorities
-   TG to provide DF with mantis issues to fix
-   MB - Turnitin release - Next Thursday?? With CMIS interface changes
-   NS raise a request with PI to set up cron jobs for Moodle interface
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog

# 17th Sept

-   Certficates for REST API - TG to check and liase with PI
-   

# 16th Sept

-   DF, MB, SA to meet to understand myfeedback issues - will be meeting on Fri 21/9
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog
-   TG to look at the guest login.
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   MB- raise CR for CMIS-Moodle interface change, to be done Monday 17/9
-   NS - Send installations steps that need to be added to CR - to be done on Monday
-   MB - Turnitin release - Next Thursday?? With CMIS interface changes
-   NS/SA unit testing/SIT
-    
-    
-    

# 13th Sept

-   DF, MB, SA to meet to understand myfeedback issues - will be meeting on Fri 21/9
-   SA - Test scenarios for UAT
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog
-   TG to look at the guest login.
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   SA to review DF's enrolment block document by Thursday
-   MB- raise CR for CMIS-Moodle interface change, to be done Monday 17/9
-   NS - Send installations steps that need to be added to CR - to be done on Monday
-   MB - Turnitin release - Next Thursday?? With CMIS interface changes
-   NS/SA unit testing/SIT - to update on Monday

# 12th Sept

-   MB to give DF access to check myfeedback reports
-   DF to find out where and how is the tutor mapped in myfeedback
-   DF to find out what CMIS data is myfeedback dependent on? 
-   SA to arrange CMIS resource for UAT 
-   SA - Test scenarios for UAT
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog
-   TG to look at the guest login.
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   MB- raise CR for CMIS-Moodle interface change, to be done Monday 17/9
-   NS - Send installations steps that need to be added to CR - to be done on Monday
-   MB - Turnitin release - Next Thursday?? With CMIS interface changes
-   NS - Delete groups and add group members dev and testing
-    
-    

# 11th Sept

-   MB to give DF access to check myfeedback reports
-   DF to find out where and how is the tutor mapped in myfeedback
-   DF to find out what CMIS data is myfeedback dependent on? 
-   SA - Test scenarios for UAT
-   AED/MB to review above test scenarios
-   SA to arrange CMIS team availability for SIT next week - has been raised with the CMIS team but no answer yet
-   SA to arrange CMIS resource for UAT 
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog
-   TG to look at the guest login.
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   MB to check with Joanne Middleton as to whether the project can use JIRA to track releases - JM says although JIRA is available, they want to integrate it with shibboleth before general release. Im happy to wait until it is officially available (Nov/Dec)
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   MB- raise CR for CMIS-Moodle interface change
-   NS - Send installations steps that need to be added to CR
-   NS - Delete groups and add group members dev and testing - outgoing
-   MB - Turnitin release - Next Thrusday?? With CMIS interface changes

# 10th Sept

-   MB to give DF access to check myfeedback reports
-   DF to find out where and how is the tutor mapped in myfeedback
-   DF to find out what CMIS data is myfeedback dependent on? 
-   SA to do test scenarios for CMIS Moodle interface - ongoing
-   AED/MB to review above test scenarios
-   SA to arrange CMIS team availability for SIT next week - has been raised with the CMIS team but no answer yet
-   SA to arrange CMIS resource for UAT 
-   Grant STFP access to Steve and Zaman in DM team to copy the manual backup/restore course files that are bigger than 160 MB - to be done on Monday 10/09 
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog
-   TG to look at the guest login.
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   MB to check with Joanne Middleton as to whether the project can use JIRA to track releases
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   DF to enable CMIS group import and carry out basic testing - done but needs to be tested to make sure
-   NS to work on code changes from Thursday - ongoing

# 7th Sept

-    MB to give DF access to check myfeedback reports
-   DF to find out where and how is the tutor mapped in myfeedback
-   DF to find out what CMIS data is myfeedback dependent on? 
-   SA to do test scenarios for CMIS Moodle interface
-   AED/MB to review above test scenarios
-   SA to arrange CMIS team availability for SIT next week
-   SA to arrange CMIS resource for UAT
-   Grant STFP access to Steve and Zaman in DM team to copy the manual backup/restore course files that are bigger than 160 MB - to be done on Monday 10/09 
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog
-   TG to look at the guest login.
-   TG to get Nagios-mon user details from platform integration - TG to talk to DBA's. TG raised a ticket as none of DBAs knew the password.
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-    MB to check with Joanne Middleton as to whether the project can use JIRA to track releases
-   Digi Ed to run UAT on Turnitin and cross reference Turnitin related mantis tickets
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   DF to enable CMIS group import and carry out basic testing - done but needs to be tested to make sure
-   NS to work on code changes from Thursday - ongoing
-   SA to check with Dan Dobson regarding BDO's

# 6th Sept

-   Grant STFP access to Steve and Zaman in DM team to copy the manual backup/restore course files that are bigger than 160 MB - to be done on Monday 10/09 
-   AG to make sure backup config is added to the backlog
-   TG to look at the guest login. 
-   TG to get Nagios-mon user details from platform integration - TG to talk to DBA's. TG raised a ticket as none of DBAs knew the password.
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   Digi Ed to run UAT on Turnitin and cross reference Turnitin related mantis tickets
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   DF to enable CMIS group import and carry out basic testing
-    

<!-- -->

-   NS to work on CMIS groups - web services to be set up in the next few days;
-   NS to work on code changes from Thursday
-    

# 5th Sept

-   Grant STFP access to Steve and Zaman in DM team to copy the manual backup/restore course files that are bigger than 160 MB
-   Restore Medical school course on Moodle 3.4 Env. Sammy/Sekhar need to spin a new instance of Moodle DB? from backup
-   TG to look at new moodle general cron job which is not completing successfully - ongoing. There is problem with Mod colaborrate. If we delete Module colaborate, the cron job fails. 
-   TG to look at the guest login. 
-   TG to get Nagios-mon user details from platform integration - TG to talk to DBA's. TG raised a ticket as none of DBAs knew the password.
-   SA to write down the details of performance fix and send on to AG/TC/JN/NS/TG - ongoing
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing
-   Digi Ed to run UAT on Turnitin and cross reference Turnitin related mantis tickets
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   DF to enable CMIS group import and carry out basic testing
-   NS to work on CMIS groups - web services to be set up in the next few days;
-   NS to work on code changes from Thursday

# 4th September

-   Comms to be sent to MMC's regarding text editor fix
-   TG to look at new moodle general cron job which is not completing successfully - ongoing
-   SM to arrange meeting with MB, AG, TG, NS, SA - re BAU /  project responsibilities
-   TG to look at the guest login
-   TG to get Nagios-mon user details from platform integration - TG to talk to DBA's
-   SA to write down the details of performance fix and send on to AG/TC/JN/NS/TG - ongoing
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   DF to enable CMIS group import and carry out basic testing
-   NS to work on CMIS groups - web services to be set up in the next few days;
-   NS to work on code changes from Thursday
-   Digi Ed to run UAT on Turnitin and cross reference Turnitin related mantis tickets
-   Arrange UCL tools meeting with AED, JN, MB, SR TG, NS, SA - towards end of next week
-   Release page to be created - TG - ongoing

# 31st Aug

-   TG to raise a CR for the text editor changes
-     DF to liaise with TG to include other changes in the CR
-   enrolment form is poorly formatted; z index issues to tweak - TG log in Mantis
-   TG to look at new moodle general cron job which is not completing successfully.
-   AG to have a discussion with MB as to who should be monitoring cron jobs - BAU?
-   SM to arrange meeting with MB, AG, TG, NS, SA.
-    SA- follow on Nagios monitoring - ongoing for redis.
-   TG to get Nagios-mon user details from platform integration
-   SA to write down the details of performance fix and send on to AG/TC/JN/NS/TG
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed - has been started
-   Release page to be created - TG

# 30th Aug

-    SA- follow on Nagios monitoring - ongoing for redis.
-   TG to make sure relevant grants are set up for nagios database server monitoring
-   SA to write down the details of performance fix and send on to AG/TC/JN/NS/TG
-   TG to look at the text editor issue and give an estimation of the time required to fix it.
-   DF to document how the enrolment block has been designed 
-   Understand the impact of upgrading the adaptable theme - NS/TG

# 29th Aug

-    Collate known outstanding bugs and issues for enrolment block

# 28th Aug

-   NS to push enrolment block code to UAT and PP  
-   Digi Ed to carry out UAT test mantis bugs, today in parallel with SIT. Complete outstanding test cases and standard mapping and un-mapping at each level. Use same course and test data.
-   TG SIT once deployed today, end to end sanity check
-   Enrolment block release Thursday morning
-   NS sending release instructions to PI
-   Once SIT completed confirm scope of release
-   JM to ask PI team to be on standby for release
-   SR students to update Portico ID field for new courses
-   SA- follow on Nagios monitoring
-   JM/SA - fix for performance issue identified needs to be applied
-    

# 23rd Aug

-   TG - fixing CSS issue with text editor
-   TG - Coursess with workshop activity issue to be created manually by the students
-   JM- follow on Nagios montioring
-   NS to raise a tickets for soft hyphen and update course ID number
-   JM/SA - Talk to NB about performance issue
-    

# 20 Aug

-    NS to guide Delvon on branches in GIT
-   NS to check department mapping to years
-   NS to request test data from Sheen He to be ready for tomorrow
-   AG to chase registry and confirm it is the SMO/SMS records
-   NS to raise a tickets for soft hyphen and update course ID number
-   NS to chase platform integration team to prepare live app servers for deployment
-   TG to resolve web service timeout - raised as IN03146230 with Networks, new TCP profile required, until its implemented, Tim doing manual updates - ongoing, has not been done yet.
-   NS to complete integration testing - two test scenarios outstanding
-   NS to log any SIT issues on Mantis
-   TG to look at the text editor/CSS tweak - likely next week.
-   AG to  escalate nagios issue with Tom
-    

# 17 Aug

-   Delvon to check his code into GIT
-   NS to test Delvon's changes in Dev
-   AG to rearrange UAT for Tuesday, check with Rod.
-   AG to chase Paula for test data  

# 16 Aug

-    Discuss the transition away from manual enrolments for medical school (project team mtg next week)
-   TG to resolve web service timeout - raised as IN03146230 with Networks, new TCP profile required, until its implemented, Tim doing manual updates - ongoing, has not been done yet.
-   Maintenance note needs to be put on the site for Tuesday's upgrade
-   Sammy to check that VPN can be used to redirect to Moodle to test Tuesday's upgrade
-   AED to coordinate testers for Tuesday's upgrade
-   JM to log multiple department mapping issues in Mantis
-   Delvon to complete Release notes and test script - to be done tomorrow
-   NS to complete integration testing - two test scenarios outstanding
-   NS to log any SIT issues on Mantis
-   TG to look at the text editor/CSS tweak - likely next week.

# 15 Aug

-   Delvon to disable editing for the department year mapping.
-   Delvon to allow multiple mappings for the department year mapping.

-   Delvon to complete Release notes and test script

-   Delvon to put his code on Git - ongoing
-   JM and NS to ask Nick re discrepancies in the SITS year view - should year be passed and processed, confirmed it should be
-   Nick to alter views to include  course year & put onto UAT
-   TG to resolve web service timeout - raised as IN03146230 with Networks, new TCP profile required, until its implemented, Tim doing manual updates
-   TG to test migration tool in PP - a little tweak required, there's only 200 courses left to migrate
-   TG to update on the remaining failed courses - 14 left, on target by end of week
-   NS to do unit testing between MIM and enrolment block - ongoing
-   NS to request for servers to be set up for oracle on live - ongoing
-   NS to raise a request to create database on live DB - ongoing
-   NS to carry on with SIT
-   JM Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios - escalated to Sally Musk twice, not getting any response, Ticket [IN03049181](https://ucl.my.salesforce.com/apex/BMCServiceDesk__ConsoleRedirect?formulaFieldName=IncidentLaunchConsole&recordName=03049181&recordId=a1N0J00000SDCV5&incType=Incident&isdtp=vw&uiTheme=Theme3&formLayoutId=)

# 14 Aug

-   TG to raise a CR for web service timeout - in progress
-   TG to test migration tool in PP - a little tweak required, there's only 200 courses left to migrate
-   TG to run off success failure report for SR - Criteria for failure has been reported to Steve
-   TG to update on the remaining failed courses - 14 left, on target by end of week
-   Delvon to put his code on Git - ongoing
-   NS to do unit testing between MIM and enrolment block - ongoing
-   NS to request for servers to be set up for oracle on live - ongoing
-   NS to raise a request to create database on live DB - ongoing
-    Delvon to complete the following for enrolment block: (1) On Edit mappings, updates to years and pre-approval not updating, only delete (2). Release notes and test script by Wednesday. 
-   SITS release on 23/8 - need to agree on date and make sure the correct views are there 
-   NS to carry on with SIT
-    Delvon to demo work completed to NS and JM on 15th Aug. (1)Check that there is mapping at mav level, search by module code, mapping at programme and route level.  (2) Check that pre-approval is working. (3) ?Route and dept at year level?
-   JM Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios - ongoing, see ticket in JMs name
-   SR - 300 people enrolled at category level – department, ask each module co-ordinator to check that each student.  Medical school enrolling students on bulk for a limited number of courses

# 13 Aug

-    TG to test migration tool in PP
-   TG to raise a CR for web service timeout
-   Migrate the remaining 264 courses in the queue - SR with TG's support
-   TG to run off success failure report for SR
-   TG to update on the remaining failed courses
-   SR to email all MMC's to clarify staff with category level roles
-   NS to deploy enrolment block to UAT
-   start SIT between SITS and Moodle tomorrow
-   Delvon to put his code on Git - ongoing
-   NS to do unit testing between MIM and enrolment block
-   NS to request for servers to be set up for oracle on live
-   NS to raise a request to create database on live DB
-    Delvon to complete the following for enrolment block: (1) On Edit mappings, updates to years and pre-approval not updating, only delete (2). Release notes and test script by Wednesday

# 10 Aug

-    TG to update the migration tool/raise a CR for migration of grid format courses - ongoing, passed on to SR
-   Delvon to complete mapping at the MAV level by Monday and release for SIT.
-   Delvon to complete front end enrolment block development work to include the display module code, map at MAV level, search under module code, and map under program route for this release - ongoing
-   Delvon to put his code on Git - ongoing

# 9 Aug

-    TG to update the migratatron \[Please see: [Course Migration - Progress](https://wiki.ucl.ac.uk/display/ISMoodle/Course+Migration+-+Progress)\]
-   AG to find when IOE enrolments begin
-   TG to update the migration tool/raise a CR for migration of grid format courses.
-   TG re-migrate remaining grid format courses/numerical question issue - to be completed today
-   NS to chase platform integration to update new moodle PP for oracle libraries and LDAP.ora and SQLnet.ora files
-   AG to see if the project  has any of Sheen He's time for next week
-   Delvon to complete front end enrolment block development work to include the display module code, map at MAV level, search under module code, and map under program route for this release.
-   Delvon to complete mapping at the MAV level by Monday and release for SIT.
-   Delvon to put his code on Git.
-   NS to create database on PP
-   confirm how far we can get with systems integration testing today - ongoing
-   ask Delvon for an update on how far he is getting with the front end development - ongoing

## 7 Aug

-    TG re-migrate remaining grid format courses  - to be completed today
-   Confirm release of the Portico views today
-   confirm how far we can get with systems integration testing today
-    ask Delvon for an update on how far he is getting with the front end development
-   SITS Test scenarios to be pared down as not everything still relevant - ongoing
-   AG to explore pushing back enrolment block release

# 6 Aug

-   TG re-migrate remaining grid format courses  
-   MB to check what load/perfrormance tests backed up in Legacy PP prior to restore
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 7th August 
-   MB to review DB documentation provided by Sekhar - Sekhar should respond to MB's feedback by the end of the day
-   SITS Test scenarios to be pared down as not everything still relevant
-   Sheen to confirm how quickly he can make changes on the SITS UAT system
-   MIM release discussion
-   Unit/integration testing discussion
-   AG confirm Portico resource for UAT

# 3 Aug

-   TG needs access to legacy PP - MB to arrange
-   TG to send the 'numerical units' issue CR to MB for approval (CR00003325)
-   JM sorting out SITS Test data - happening today with JOM and Sheen.
-   NS creating consolidated view for Delvon - still to be done
-   NS working on checking generation of XML file - done but not on the DEV environment
-   NS working on testing providing file import - done but not on the DEV environment
-   NS/SM attend CAB with MB next Wed - AG needs to ask Tom Crummey to join as well.
-   MB confirm if database restore completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests - ongoing with Sekhur. MB is following up **today**
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 7th August 
-   JM Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios - ongoing, see ticket in JMs name
-   MB to review DB documentation provided by Sekhar - Sekhar should respond to MB's feedback by the end of the day
-   MB/JM to peer review SITS testing scenarios, meeting taking place today

# 2 Aug 2018

-   TG Update queued migrations update destination format to be grid format
-   TG update migration tool to handle updating destination format to be grid format (need Legacy PP for testing)
-   JM sorting out SITS Test data
-   NS creating consolidated view for Delvon
-   NS working on checking generation of XML file
-   NS working on testing providing file import
-   NS/SM attend CAB with MB next Wed
-   MB to uninstall bulk category upload plugin
-   MB confirm if database restore completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests - ongoing with Sekhur.
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 7th August 
-   JM Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios - ongoing, see ticket in JMs name
-   MB to review DB documentation provided by Sekhar
-   NS to ask Sekhar to create a new DB for MIM on UAT 
-   MB/JM to peer review SITS testing scenarios, AG book meeting

# 01 Aug 2018 

-   TG to keep an eye on the Webservice log
-   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT, branch created, add upload categories - to be done on Monday 30/7
-   MB confirm if database restore completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests - ongoing with Sekhur.
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 31st July did not go ahead. Need to reschedule it for next Tuesday, 7th August or earlier if possible
-   SA to work on test scenarios today; SA to meet with Jim O'Meara who will provide test data - SA, JOM and Dan Dobson to meet on Monday. Moodle weekly project update meeting to be used to run through scenarios - ongoing.
-   NS to ask Sekhar to create a new DB for MIM on UAT 
-   MB/JM to peer review SITS testing scenarios 
-   MB/SA Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios - ongoing
-   TG/SR to catch up on tracking the route causes for migration failures
-   TG/SR to catch up on re migration of courses using the grid format.
-   TG/SR to add the list of failed courses on wiki and share with the project team. \[Please see: [Course Migration - Progress](https://wiki.ucl.ac.uk/display/ISMoodle/Course+Migration+-+Progress)\]
-   Chase Ben about the DB documentation - SA/MB
-   TG - Explore the options to solve unique question type

# 31/07/18

-   TG to keep an eye on the Webservice log
-   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT, branch created, add upload categories - to be done on Monday 30/7
-   MB confirm if database restore completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests - ongoing with Sekhur.
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 31st July did not go ahead. Need to reschedule it for next Tuesday, 7th August or earlier if possible
-   SA to work on test scenarios today; SA to meet with Jim O'Meara who will provide test data - SA, JOM and Dan Dobson to meet on Monday. Moodle weekly project update meeting to be used to run through scenarios - ongoing.
-   NS to ask Sekhur the grants on mysql database; and to create a new DB for MIM on UAT - NS away, ongoing.
-   MB to sanity check SITS testing scenarios - ongoing.
-   MB/SA Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios - ongoing.
-   TG/SR to catch up on tracking the route causes for migration failures
-   TG/SR to catch up on re migration of courses using the grid format.
-   TG/SR to add the list of failed courses on wiki and share with the project team.
-   MB to deactivate Enrollment block and SITS/CMIS filter functionality in Legacy Moodle. To be done by 31/07/2018.
-   Chase Ben about the DB documentation - SA/MB

# 30/07/18

-    TG to keep an eye on the Webservice log
-   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT, branch created, add upload categories - to be done on Monday 30/7
-   MB confirm if database restore completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests - ongoing with Sekhur.
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 31st July - tomorrow
-   SA to work on test scenarios today; SA to meet with Jim O'Meara who will provide test data - SA, JOM and Dan Dobson to meet on Monday. Moodle weekly project update meeting to be used to run through scenarios - ongoing.
-   NS to ask Sekhur the grants on mysql database; and to create a new DB for MIM on UAT - NS away, ongoing.
-   MB to sanity check SITS testing scenarios - ongoing.
-   MB/SA Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios - ongoing.
-   TG/SR to catch up on tracking the route causes for migration failures
-   TG/SR to catch up on re migration of courses using the grid format.
-   TG/SR to add the list of failed courses on wiki and share with the project team.
-    MB to deactivate Enrollment block and SITS/CMIS filter functionality in Legacy Moodle. To be done by 31/07/2018.

# 27/07/18

-   Webservice timing out in Data Migration tool. Have two options: 1. Bypass F5  2. Increase the time-out. TG to try option 1 today - MB/TG are speaking to the networks team
-   MB to ask Stefan to look at Redis cache allocation. Both Bejen and Stefan leaving next week - raise a CR.
-   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT, branch created, add upload categories - to be done on Monday 30/7
-   MB confirm if r-sync completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests - should be completed today
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 31st July
-   JN spotted some more role changes that need to happen. Need to add some capabilities to roles - MB to do today
-   SA to work on test scenarios today; SA to meet with Jim O'Meara who will provide test data - SA, JOM and Dan Dobson to meet on Monday. Moodle weekly project update meeting to be used to run through scenarios.
-   NS to ask Sekhur the grants on mysql database; and to create a new DB for MIM on UAT.
-   MB to sanity check SITS testing scenarios.
-   MB/SA Chase on how to set up Redis monitoring on Nagios

# 26/07/18

> -   17 failed courses. 
> -    Webservice timing out in Data Migration tool. Have two options: 1. Bypass F5  2. Increase the time-out. TG to try option 1 today.
> -   SR migration team will start creating new courses this week (Started although new course issue preventing migration into new courses)
> -   Digi Ed creating guidance on checking courses - likely to be some issues with hard-coded links (closing as not stand-up action)
> -   MB to ask Stefan to look at Redis cache allocation. Both Bejen and Stefan leaving next week
> -   TG to get temp space increased - should fix problem with restores. Tony is going to do it. MB to raise CR.
> -   MB confirm if r-sync completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests
> -   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT, branch created, add upload categories
> -   DB replication fix scheduled for 31st July
> -   AG to check with Annora about the Mantis bugs
> -   JN spotted some more role changes that need to happen. Need to add some capabilities to roles.
> -   SA to work on test scenarios today; SA to meet with Jim O'Meara who will provide test data.
> -   SA to catch up with Delvon and confirm he understands the brief.
>
# 25/07/18

-   NS to sync data and mapping of modules and module occurrence for SITS interface
-   SA to work on test scenarios today; SA to meet with Jim O'Meara who will provide test data.
-   SA to catch up with Delvon and confirm he understands the brief.
-   NS to provide Delvon with login details for DEV.

# 24/07/18

-   TG looking at failed courses - around 14 of 2165. TG to look into the failed courses, a few related to qtype issue
-   SR migration team will start creating new courses this week
-   SR creating guidance on checking courses - likely to be some issues with hard-coded links
-   MB to ask Stefan to look at Redis cache allocation. Both Bejen and Stefan leaving next week
-   TG to get temp space increased - should fix problem with restores
-   NS raised a ticket to get PHP OCI8 installed on New Moodle UAT and Dev, will chase
-   MB confirm the PDF convertor monitoring process are in place on 3.4, test failure generating email (can tweak time limit)
-   MB confirm if r-sync completed in legacy PP, once completed will need to restore the load performance tests
-   MB r-sync new PP
-   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT, branch created, add upload categories
-   MB confirm when extra storage added to 3.4 Prod NFS box. MB re-confirmed this morning.
-   DB replication fix scheduled for 31st July
-   AG to check with Annora about the Mantis bugs
-   MB looking into Google Analytics on new Moodle. SM has got Google Analytics working on legacy

# 23/07/18

-   We have 14 failed courses out of 1500. TG to look into the failed courses.
-   MB to look at Google Analytics
-    MB to confirm with Stefan that the test PDF conversions are running
-   MB team confirm the PDF convertor monitoring process are in place on 3.4
-   Large file restores are still failing. May be Moodle is using Temp file system when the course is above a certain size. TG to confirm if that's the case. Solution to that would be to increase the temp file size to match the legacy Moodle temp file size.
-   PP R-sync happening today
-   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT
-   DB Replication fix - works on PP. Planned to release on LIVE on 31st July.
-   AG to check with Annora about the Mantis bugs
-   Extra storage due to be added to 3.4 Prod NFS box. MB will chase Gabor.
-    

# 20/7/18

-    TG to look at options to fix the data issue with 10 courses. 
-    MB to look at Google Analytics
-    NS to share Redis setup notes with MB. Need to do documentation around redis setup which will be done later (after SITS filter work)
-    MSS team to add nagios to monitoring - This is due to happen on Tuesday, 24th July
-    MB to confirm with Stefan that the test PDF conversions are running
-    MB team confirm the PDF convertor monitoring process are in place on 3.4
-    Large file restores are still failing. TG to investigate further.
-    NS to check if new Cake PHP version works for the new directory--- It works
-   MB Schedule R-Sync for legacy PP from Friday 20th July, before this happens we should backup performance test courses. R-sync ran 5th July, Sekhar has put aside database backup which matches r-sync date. Just needs to be applied. Once run TG to update migration tool in legacy PP. It't now going to start on Monday, 23rd July
-   MB to update new PP (plugin updates and update to v3.4.4) w/c 23rd July.
-   SA/MB to speak to Ben Judd to ensure that database configuration is being documented.
-   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT
-   DB replication fix - Sekhar tested on PP this morning. Tentitively scheduled for Tuesday 31st July.

# 19/7/18

> -   TG to look at options to fix the data issue with 10 courses 
>
> -   MB to look at Google Analytics
> -   Handover to RDE on Redis, NS to add notes to wiki, RDE need to familiarize with commands
> -   MSS team to add nagios to monitoring - SA has open RF ticket (Roger)  
> -   AG confirm with MB that RDE will be monitoring Unoconv 
> -   NS, MB to compile the steps to setup Moodle dev, UAT and PP env.
> -   Large file restores are still failing. TG to investigate further.
> -   NS creating new data objects in new DB
> -   NS to implement the latest Cake PHP version and check if works for the new directory
> -   MB Schedule R-Sync for legacy PP from Friday 20th July, before this happens we should backup performance test courses. R-sync ran 5th July, Sekhar has put aside database backup which matches r-sync date. Just needs to be applied. Once run TG to update migration tool in legacy PP.
> -   MB to update New UAT and PP (plugin updates and update to v3.4.4) w/c 23rd July.
> -   SA/MB to speak to Ben Judd to ensure that database configuration is being documented.
> -   TG to add Migration Tool to GIT
> -   DB replication fix

# 18/7/18

-   MB to look at Google Analytics
-   Handover to RDE on Redis, NS to add notes to wiki, RDE need to familiarize with commands
-   MSS team to add nagios to monitoring - SA has open RF ticket (Roger)  
-   AG confirm with MB that RDE will be monitoring Unoconv 
-   NS handover steps to sanitise environment after pushing code
-   TG to test restores for large files today - concern around restore in new rather than backup from legacy.
-   NS setting database on Dev, renaming 'Moodle Int Management', changing database user, chasing Sekhar to setup
-   NS Upgrade Cake PHP framework to version for PHP 7. Change in folder structure.
-   SA giving Delvon overview of UI changes
-   DF create some dummy data for UI changes
-   NS/SA request changes to views for SITS Interface
-   MB Schedule R-Sync for legacy PP from Friday 20th July, before this happens we should backup performance test courses. R-sync ran 5th July, Sekhar has put aside database backup which matches r-sync date. Just needs to be applied. Once run TG to update migration tool in legacy PP.
-   MB to update New PP (plugin updates and update to v3.4.4) w/c 23rd July.
-   SA/MB to speak to Ben Judd to ensure that database configuration is being documented.

# 17/7/18

-   Problem with migrating singe course single course migration to fail (where answer contains L/l), need to apply workaround which is currently in legacy Moodle. TG to raise CR and make change in Prod (needs to be non-unique index, fix tested in PP).
-   Legacy Moodle look into disabling PDF conversion (ghost script)
-   NS to add hacks to branch, MB to then push to New Moodle Dev and UAT
-   TG to test restores for large files today - concern around restore in new rather than backup from legacy.
-   MB Schedule R-Sync for legacy PP from Friday 20th July, before this happens we should backup performance test courses. R-sync ran 5th July, Sekhar has put aside database backup which matches r-sync date. Just needs to be applied. Once run TG to update migration tool in legacy PP.
-   MB to update New PP (plugin updates and update to v3.4.4) w/c 23rd July.
-   Sekhar is testing changing replication settings on test environment/database (TG noticed that Prod replication didn't match PP shortly after Go Live). Now know what they should be, aiming for Tues 24th (no impact on data).
-   SA/MB to speak to Ben Judd to ensure that database configuration is being documented.

# 16/7/18

Actions:

-   SR to migrate single course now that the migration tool change has gone live this afternoon.
-   SR to migrate batch of 15 courses between 15.00-16.00, MB to monitor performance of legacy live environment.
-   SR to train students on migration tool tomorrow.
-   TG to set the migration tool cron to run hourly from today.
-   MB/NS to push updates to New Dev (plugin updates and update to v3.4.4) tomorrow morning then NS start work on SITS interface.
-   TG to test restores for large files today - concern around restore in new rather than backup from legacy.
-   MB Schedule R-Sync for legacy PP from Friday 20th July, before this happens we should backup performance test courses.
-   MB to update New PP (plugin updates and update to v3.4.4) w/c 23rd July.
-   Sekhar is testing changing replication settings on test environment/database (TG noticed that Prod replication didn't match PP shortly after Go Live).

Decisions

Need to make sure that upgrading PP happens soon as this should be completed well in advance of having to do load/performance tests which we plan to do in parallel with SITS interface UAT as there will be no additional load from SITS interface

Cron for data migration tool to run hourly at first, SR will control courses added to the migration queue as opposed to switching cron off

# 20/6/18

Actions

-   Need to decide a slot - couple of hours - for performance testing
-   Back up of database on 3.4 needs to be done differently to 3.1. Shekur is looking at this.
-   Email configuration is outstanding.
-   Theme changes are nearly done. Course search box needs to go somewhere specific. Otherwise log everything in Mantis, and previous issues can be reopened. AED to prioritise bugs.
-   Migration tool testing to start.
-   JN wants to know what sort of load model will be for migration. Storage & Visualization to be asked to monitor the VM's. We can generate a baseline for page response time.

Decisions

# 15/6/18

Actions

NS to finish theme fixes by COP Monday and release to UAT so Digi Ed can test

NS to finish mantis bug fixes by COP Wednesday, Digi Ed to test Thursday

AG/SA to speak PC to confirm load and performance testing can be started next week

PP finished and ready Thursday

Friday PC start performance testing

TG finishing off looking at issue with private files and delivery status in data migration tool

Catalyst Landing Page Monday - MB to add to PP

Decisions

5 pre-configured LTI Tools to be copied across, MB asked JLH to flag with chemistry 

Mahara/e-portfolio to be deferred for now

# 13/6/18

Actions

-   TG will catch up with Pete Castle today re test data
-   Chron failing on Moodle PreProd - install redis extension on Moodle admin
-   Start a checklist for server build on the wiki & arrange a meeting with Stefan re admin servers/server build
-   Cloud & Computing re patches - SA to catch up with Tony Brooks
-   Theme - NS to complete the front page

Decisions

# 11/6/18

Actions

-   Anti virus for performance testing - MB to follow up with Sammy
-   SA to follow up on AED's response re UCL Tools
-   Niv to work on the 'essential' areas of AED's theme document; and add alternative block course overview to UAT
-   MB to locate the missing 10 database indexes from new Moodle PreProd
-   MB to move code on to Production app servers, following NS' wiki steps
-   Migration tool - add Moodle shell to the admin box
-   TG to advise SA for which UPI fields are needed for migration tool

Decisions

-   UCL Tools will not be fit for purpose for July Go Live
-   Code changes have been frozen on PrePreod
-   All environment changes to be tracked in Wiki

-   TG to look at the guest login - parked

<!-- -->

-   DF MyFeedback work package to be included in next release

