# VPN failure - 17-18/08/2020

AWS case - [7315363911](https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home#/case/?displayId=7315363911&language=en)

**What?**

On 17 Aug 2020  8:20pm BST, our site-to-site VPN link went DOWN and only came back when forced back up from our on-prem endpoint the following morning 18th August 9:55am.

**Why?**

Surface

**The last remaining Tunnel went down on the AWS end at 8:20:47pm, an hour or so later the UCL on-prem side realised there had been no traffic for a while and hibernated the tunnel until awakened the next morning.**

You get tunnel statistics messages every 10 minutes showing how much traffic has gone across each VPN, on both SL and TP Prod tunnels the statistics stop increasing on Monday evening:

On SL FW the last increase was at 19:23 BST

On TP FW the last increase was at 20:16 BST

As there was no traffic the tunnels hit their timeout values and went down:

On SL FW the tunnel went down at 12:44PM

On TP FW the tunnel went down at 21:12PM

You then don’t see any tunnel negotiation messages until the tunnels come back up

1 Level down (AWS end)

The log analysis by AWS confirmed a suspicion that the reason the tunnel timed out was due to DPD - Dead Packet Detection - and our Fortigates not responding to these beacons. "DPD check timed out, enforcing DPD action"

2 Level down (UCL/Fortigate end)

We are(or were) on old version of the firmware for the fortigates, could be something addressed in a newer version.

There is potentially a bug around failing to respond to the DPD beacons as other users have reported this very same issue.

Gathering enough diagnostics for this issue would require logging which can only be setup manually when the issue occurs rather than remain on permanently which makes this hard to catch.

Having alerts on the VPN tunnels & links could ensure we get these diagnostics setup in time while the issue is occurring.

**What next?**

1) Reminder that we should implement 2 tunnel per VPN link (2x2) - WR342548 - DONE

2) Reminder that LDAP monitoring needs to be implemented - WR341640 - TO DO

3) Reminder that [CloudWatch monitoring](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpn/latest/s2svpn/monitoring-cloudwatch-vpn.html) of the VPN link needs to be implemented - WR341640 - DONE

4)There is a potential bug in the Fortigates which needs to be caught in the act - TO DO

Doing so would be easier to do with 3) implemented but will be no mean feat.

5) Configuring the tunnels to auto-restart if they do timeout and go down - DONE

6) Run a ping down the tunnel to keep it active - DONE

**What did we learn?**

Low traffic tunnels are inherently unstable in AWS and should be avoided for uptime sensitive functionality (need to move to Shib / AAD asap)

 <https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/vpn-tunnel-instability-inactivity/>

“Troubleshoot idle timeouts

If you're experiencing idle timeouts due to low traffic on a VPN tunnel:

-   Be sure that there's constant bidirectional traffic between your local network and your VPC. If necessary, create a host that sends ICMP requests to an instance in your VPC every 5 seconds.
-   Review your VPN device's idle timeout settings using information from your device's vendor. When there's no traffic through a VPN tunnel for the duration of your vendor-specific VPN idle time, the IPsec session terminates. Be sure to follow [vendor-specific configuration guidelines](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/adminguide/Introduction.html#DevicesTested)."


